-How exactly are we using our hunting skills?
-I mostly just kill people on Twitter.
I mean, that's me hunting.
-It's okay. So I had nothing to talk about.
I forgot we had a podcast, forgot it was Tuesday.
I have COVID, by the way. It's not a cold.
Then I just saw something right before we got on,
and I'm so excited about it.
-I get really excited about that stuff.
It's called Rewind. Have you seen this on Twitter?
-Oh, yeah, Rewind. I mean--
-Oh, you go way back. -Yeah.
-You and Rewind. -We should definitely talk about it.
Which part did you see because the new announcement?
-Yeah. -I saw people complaining about the privacy aspect of it.
Again, I don't care about privacy.
I've always wanted something to record literally everything I see in here
and everything I say to augment my memory.
Because there's so many times where cases like we've literally talked about this twice.
Like we've already had this conversation.
We're having a conversation for the third time.
And I don't remember a thing.
And I just wish I could go back and say, "Okay, you know what?
You don't have to say it again. Let me just go back and listen to it again."
This is really funny.
I'm going to explain to you why this is extremely, extremely funny.
-We've had this conversation before? -No, no, no, no, no.
Okay, so you've probably seen some people pointing this out.
But you know the show "Black Mirror"?
-Yes. -Okay.
The first episode that I ever saw, which like made me think,
"Wow, this is a really, really good show. It's really, really well done."
-Yeah. -It was an episode on--
There's a device that people install--
I think they install it, like, on back their neck.
It records every single thing that they experience.
And then they can replay it.
And it seems awesome at first.
-Oh, no. -And then you see how deeply it impacts
like every single part of people's lives.
And it follows this couple that are having some problems.
But this thing just makes it so every little detail,
they can't let go of--
-They like replay it. -Oh, no.
They like replay every fight to figure out
who was like exactly wrong or who's like, "Oh, no."
And forgetting is a big part of your brain dealing with anything dramatic, right?
Like, people that suffer from long-term traumas
because they are not able to forget in the way that you're supposed to.
Like, your brain thinks something is important that is no longer super important.
So it's funny because it's literally that seemed--
Obviously, in the show, it was like way crazy, like way more futuristic.
But I thought the show was brilliant because that was my first time--
OK, for some experience in this show, but this is a theme for them,
where they take something that seems awesome.
And I think they very realistically explore how it's a lot more complicated than it seems.
But that said, have you seen the existing product?
-So then I went to their website,
because I saw people complaining on Twitter about the privacy thing.
I saw a recent tweet, this little thing that hangs around your neck,
solves all my problems, but apparently not.
And then I went to their website, and it's like, they have this thing
that just records your screen, is that the idea, and your audio?
So it just records everything that happens to you on your computer, basically.
-Yeah, they index it by running OCR and storing in really, really small files.
And then you can query it using LMM stuff, which I think is very, very cool.
-So you can watch back your screen recording is what the end result of your search queries is, basically?
-Yeah, because you can say something like, I know I saw something about this thing,
but you don't remember exactly where, and it'll pull up the exact.
-Yeah. -Like video.
And I think it's like, obviously, like, it's compressed and everything,
but you usually just need like a pointer, and you can go like, look it up again.
-This sounds kind of cool. -Yeah, it's like a brilliant integration, right?
Because you normally, because I think we've always,
I think a lot of people have had the thought of like,
"Oh, I just have like stuff everywhere.
I wish like, one thing would integrate with everything and like,
aggregate it and make it queryable."
And that just seemed impossible, because how are you going to integrate with everything?
But then a brilliant way to do that is just to like, capture the video feed.
This is still a product I think so much to build.
I think the browser history is just so underutilized,
where every piece of information that's useful for me,
there's like a pointer to it in my browser history, and like,
browser's just kind of put it as like this on an organized tap.
And I'm constantly like, I know I saw this thing,
I know a reference to these materials, but I don't, I can't find it again.
And it's like, like a five minute process for me to figure it out.
-That's why we leave so many tabs open, right?
It's that fear of like, I won't really find this again if I close this set.
-I never do that. I like can't stand having a bunch of tabs open.
-Oh, really? -Yeah, but I know a lot of people do that, yeah.
-So you're inbox zero, and you close all your tabs.
I'm inbox infinity, and I'm tabbing infinity.
-I find that people are the opposite of what they are in the physical world.
I'm kind of like all over the place in the physical world,
but I'm extremely organized and neat in the digital world.
-So I'm kind of tidy in the physical world, I've got a nice little space.
I mean, the streaming stuff doesn't help all the cameras and lights,
but aside from that, your theory holds up.
-So I've described to you my desk right now.
I have a roll of dog poop bags, I have two socks that I brought,
and I like, I forgot I already had socks here, so I put them on my desk.
I have an empty bottle of coconut water, a cap with just a coconut water cap,
a half-drank bottle of coconut water, a box of crackers,
tray of food from yesterday, like a takeout thing from yesterday,
filled with orange like tangerine peel.
-Well, this is so gone, isn't she?
Is she so dry? She doesn't come into my office.
This is why it's like this.
-Okay.
-An empty bottle of kombucha and a water bottle.
-And a cup and a cup.
-Is that for peeing in?
-I don't think there was milk in here, I don't know.
-Do you drink milk?
Do you just drink like milk like a glass of milk?
-I love milk, I love milk.
-Yeah, a lot of people have a problem with drinking milk.
It seems like a lot of women have a problem with drinking milk.
-I don't know if that's sexist to say that,
but all the women in my life are like, "Ew, you drink milk."
-I don't know.
So, did you sign up for this rewind thing?
-Oh, no, not yet.
I literally just saw it right before we got on.
-Yeah, I think when people talk about privacy,
they're talking about someone else wearing the device
and do not realizing everything or saying's being recorded.
-I guess here's my problem.
What's the hang up with?
Like, if someone could hear you saying something with their ears,
people just don't like to know they could listen to it back.
The recording is the part they don't like,
because I feel like if you say it to them,
if it's something that was said.
-Yeah, but even on this podcast,
sometimes we're like, "Oh, we got to make sure that this is."
-Oh, that's true, hypocrite.
-Yeah, I guess, okay, so, well, I was going to say,
well, a podcast is different, but is it?
I don't know, maybe not.
-Okay, the thing is, I get it.
It doesn't have to be fully rational,
but it just maybe feels weird,
because when you're talking to someone,
you're not like really like modulating your thoughts.
You maybe are like talking a little bit about this,
because there are some scenarios where you just met someone,
you're going to be like a little more cautious about what you say.
You know someone really well, like you change what you're going to say.
I think whether it's recorded or not would also affect your thought process.
And if you find out it's recorded and you didn't know that ahead of time,
that feels like a little intrusive in some ways.
It's the same as getting on a video call.
And usually people ask if you're on a sales call and they record them,
they usually ask, "Hey, do you mind if I record this call?"
-Yeah.
-Not because they're expecting anyone to be like, "No,
just so you know that they're doing that."
And I'm pretty sure a bunch of states have laws.
-I was going to ask if there's a legal protection.
-That's kind of like one party consent or something like that.
-Yeah.
-Some states, you just need one person to consent to the recording.
Other states, you need both parties too.
So yeah, I don't know how this works in practice.
I think it's, I love their current product.
I mean, I don't, I can't use it because I'm on Linux.
But I think someone should build an open source version of it.
I think there's a lot of opportunity there.
I actually looked at it.
I think someone is doing it, but they're doing it in Python,
which means like there's 900 steps to install it and it's super slow.
And then it's going to fill your, "Oh, I messed up with a bunch of dependencies."
-Yeah.
-I love that idea.
And I think that that's like reasonable.
Like I'm sure you'll capture video calls that maybe people don't expect.
But I don't know, it's a little tricky,
but you can just always tell people that you're recording.
-Yeah. But you think it's strange that they're going into the physical world with the, the pendant.
-I think it's cool and I want them to try it.
I don't think I would get one.
I think I would find it a little weird if I saw someone wearing one
and I was sorry to them, but I like to just kind of want to see.
Maybe I'm wrong and like ends up being a very universal thing or a very normal thing.
-I guess I don't ever, I never thought of it.
It's like everyone would want this.
I just feel like I have a specifically bad memory.
I don't know what that's about.
Maybe I'm just really good at forgetting stuff and that's a feature to your point.
I don't, I literally can't think of any trauma in my life.
So...
-Yeah, exactly.
Maybe there's something to do that.
-In this Black Mirror episode, it's funny because it kind of goes both the ways.
In this Black Mirror episode, like it's a while ago, so I remember exactly,
but I remember they're like at a party and his wife looks at this other guy.
Just like looks at like a brief exchange.
-Yeah.
-And the guy found it like maybe a little weird.
In real life, you'd find it a little weird, then you kind of forget about it.
-Yeah.
-But he kept replaying it and looking at it.
And he eventually unraveled that his wife was having an affair or something.
-Oh geez.
-So it did technically help him out.
-It didn't help him.
-Yeah, but I think it was...
-It drove him crazy.
-I think the thing also caused the relationship to go bad, which caused this whole thing.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, especially during fights.
Like I really don't know if a fight should be recorded.
-Yeah, that I get.
There's nothing rational about most fights.
It's like, you know what I like, go back and try to figure out.
-Well, you technically said this.
-Yeah, that's no good.
Yeah, I honestly wanted it for innocent purposes.
Just like, so I could remember stuff.
And even like, memories.
Just like, we take a lot of photos and videos of the kids.
But it'd be cool to know that like, every moment was captured.
We just have to go back and curate it.
-You guys have the cameras in your house, though, right?
-We do.
-It's like a angle.
-But no, yeah, there's like a, well, two days ago, we were doing some mulching.
And like, we decided, but I have a new stance on some of this stuff.
I used to be like, hardcore, I pay people to do labor.
I'm not going to like, do stuff that I could just pay someone to do,
because my time is valuable or whatever.
I used to be really hard on that.
And now, like, we've realized we just need stuff to do with the kids.
Like, we need activities.
And they actually do really well with like, work.
Like, when it's like, here's a task, I need you to do this.
Like, they're super helpful.
It's better for their little minds.
Like, they're just not so, they're bouncing off the walls and going crazy.
Not bored or whatever it is they get.
So, yeah, we used to like mulch the house every year or twice a year.
And it's like, it's like $1,500 or something to bring in all new mulch and the labor and all that.
We went to the local hardware store and it was like, 200 bucks to get like,
four scoops of mulch.
And now we're just like, spreading it everywhere.
And they're having a blast.
But it's, I got to this because the archer is just so cute when he's doing it.
Like, he's riding around on his bike, kind of like being the message boy.
Like, we need infinity more loads, dad.
So he keeps going back and forth between me and Casey.
Casey's kind of like doing the spreading.
I'm doing the losing up the wheelchair.
Yeah, he's the supply chain.
Yeah, yeah, he's the manager.
But I had that thought a couple of nights ago as we're doing it.
Like, I want to watch the video here.
Because we've got three different cameras picking up this process of him riding back and forth.
And yelling at us and yeah, I just thought, like, I'm glad we have all these recordings.
I can actually go back and look at that.
Yeah, I feel that way too.
Cause I have a really, I have like no habit with pulling out my phone and like,
remembering to pull it out and like take a video or take a picture.
I'm always like, Oh, I should record that.
And I remember later.
Yeah.
So it would be cool to have something passive though.
It's me pull it up.
But in terms of like forgetting information, do you feel like there's a lot of information
coming at you in the real world that you're forgetting?
Cause I think for me, I feel that same way where I'm like, I forget stuff a lot.
And I wish I had something helping me with that.
But most of that is sourced from my computer.
Like to some of it, that's sourced elsewhere.
But I think most of the information is on my computer.
So I guess like, I worry that I don't balance.
I don't balance the work life memory very well.
Like I feel like I do remember a lot of stuff about obscure technologies or just random stuff
that I learn on Twitter.
Yeah.
And Casey will point out that like, I could tell you the score of like most of my high school
football games, like I have weird things in my memory.
But then like, she'll tell me something that is important to her.
And like, we're doing this next week on Tuesday and I will completely forget.
So I do feel like it's that meme of the guy with the brain full of.
Yeah.
That's the name.
I'm like, full of jiu-jitsu stuff.
Jarvis. Yeah. Exactly. So I'm not fitting all the stuff in there that I should fit in there.
And it's hard because there's like stuff for work that I do need to hold in that memory.
And sometimes it feels like there's a lot going on in the professional life.
And some of the personal stuff is just hard to remember.
And honestly, it's like, if I don't remember, like we're going to end up going still.
And I guess my brain just knows I don't really need to store that.
Casey's going to make sure at three o'clock we go to the thing.
Is that an awful jerk move and a relationship to be like, you got that, but sure.
I, okay, I have a question for you.
So this seems to be an extremely common dynamic.
And there's like memes and TikToks and everything about it.
Are you constantly misplacing stuff around the house?
And does your wife always know exactly where it is?
I don't know that I misplaced stuff around the house a lot.
You think she moves it around?
No, I'm pretty, no, I'm just pretty good about like, I know where I leave a thing.
Yeah.
But I will say she has to find everything in the house.
She says, I look, she searches, like I look in the fridge and I'm like, we don't have any.
And she comes in and she moves one thing over and she's like, it's right there.
Yeah, exactly.
That's searching for it.
That's the problem.
The feeling I get is like, I look at, there's this classic TikTok where like,
the husband looks in the fridge and the wife comes over and it like seems to materialize
that affair like it was there the whole time. That's the exact feeling I have because
I'm like, I look at this a hundred times and I just didn't see it.
Yes.
And I do wonder if this is this is like so common.
Like every single couple we know, like describes the exact same thing.
So I do wonder if there's some like, like deep genetic thing going on here.
Yeah, what is it?
I've seen the memes about like men in relationship, not being able to find anything.
There have been so many times where I come back to Casey across the house.
I'm like, I looked every, it's not there.
We don't have that anymore.
And then she can walk right in the room and grab it.
And I don't know what that's about.
Let's say that it's like a hunter gatherer thing where like, if you're going to be a gatherer,
you've got to like, keep track of all these things and know where everything is and know
where the thing grows and find it and organize it.
Yeah, how exactly are we decks, me and you using our hunting skills?
I mostly just kill people on Twitter.
I think that's, that's my, that's me hunting.
I just think of like hunters.
So they have like really good, like reflexes and like seeing stuff moving.
And I'm just like, I don't know how I'm using that, if that's what I've got.
I guess they're good at finding patterns and herds of animals.
Is that, is that real?
I don't know.
The gatherer stuff definitely feels way more practically useful.
Yeah, today.
No, for sure.
That's, that's, that's very, but yeah, I don't get it.
Like I, to me, it, it really feels like, wow, I actually have like an inability.
It's like, it's like one of the few times in my life where I'm like,
this is just a, a lacking that I have.
And I don't know how to make it better.
I feel like almost like, just like so like helpless and competent when it comes to this.
Like I'm trying.
I'm trying as hard as I can.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I can't try any harder.
It's weird.
How's, how's tech?
How are things?
I'm actually doing a lot of stuff with tech, I guess.
I'm just not really plugged into the broader community.
Like I'm missing everything.
I feel like there's times in your life where you're like,
discovering a bunch of things because you don't have anything to really use it on.
So you're like, learning a bunch of new stuff, experimenting.
Then you end up like reaping all that where you're like, okay, now I have to actually do something.
So you are focused and you're just building, you picked your tools and you're building with it.
I don't really think that much is happening.
Yeah.
Do we already talk about the Cloudflare stuff? I can't remember.
Yeah, so they got the LLM stuff and then, was there more stuff in their ship week?
There was a lot of stuff.
Yeah.
LLM was a big thing.
I still remember the rest, but.
Are you shifting SST to build on top of Cloudflare?
Go ahead.
One of the things that they added was, or they kind of simplified even further,
the whole CPU billing model, I think that's like crazy revolutionary.
Where now it's like very truly, you only build for the CPU time that you use,
you're not build for any network requests or any IO waiting, which I think is insane.
And I'm looking forward to AWS trying to get there as well.
Yeah, you think AWS will do there and we'll go there?
I don't know.
I think they have to, right?
Because their whole culture is margin destruction.
So if they don't, they are now officially a different kind of company, I think.
If they don't like continue to chase, like reducing that down to zero.
Yeah, I wonder how many, like how much of the AWS customer base,
because they're so focused on like what customers are asking for.
I wonder how much of the AWS customer base is aware of Cloudflare offerings?
And like, is that driving further innovation in AWS?
Because they have to compete with these types of things.
Like are their customers being like, hey, why does Lambda charge me when I make a network request?
Cloudflare doesn't.
This is not in the category of customer stuff.
Because a customer will never like bring it up in the sophisticated way.
I think it falls into the overall culture of like they just have to be the cheapest.
And if someone else is, they have to be the one ruining other people's margins.
It can't be the other way around.
That's like their whole business.
But yeah, I don't know.
Like what they're current, like knowing how it's built in the back end.
I actually don't know if they can do this given their current scope.
Because Cloudflare scope is just JavaScript functions.
They've built a very JavaScript specific platform where they can very easily schedule
all their work while your JavaScript code is waiting on IO.
But yeah, I don't know if AWS is set up in the same way.
I don't think a lot of people are using Cloudflare still.
I think it's an extremely interesting platform that can do a lot.
And you can probably build very high quality things.
But I don't think really anyone is doing that yet.
So at some point, I think I will build something on Cloudflare, like fully on Cloudflare.
And we'll probably bring that probably result to me building a bunch of SD tooling to do that well.
And maybe that can help like bring it to more people.
But yeah, right now it's just, it's very like definitely niche.
Yeah.
Yeah, I saw I asked that question because I saw you tweet something about
Cloudflare announced the stuff and it makes you question your whole career or something.
Yeah, it's like they're launch weeks are the ones where I'm like kind of nervous,
where I'm like, okay, they can actually announce stuff that just means I have to
think about things extremely differently or shift what I'm doing.
Yeah, kind of changes the landscape.
But and then they do.
And I would say this week they did it just.
It's weird.
It's like all of there.
But like the last mile of it making.
I've actually making the people's hands. I don't feel like has happened as much.
So that I'm just realizing I've never seen like Cloudflare on like market share statistics.
Like where is Cloudflare adoption and where is that information?
Have you heard anything?
No, because this is all new for them, right?
Like their their angle is they sell this completely different product and now they're trying to
expand it into being like a general purpose cloud to build everything out.
Oh, wait, what did they start with?
Just networking stuff. So like Firewalls, the DNS, the DDoS protection.
So that was there.
That's how they started.
Now they're moving into the broader compute platform.
Like they have a bunch of really useful stuff for like enterprise companies.
Like all the way to zero trust VPN things like just stuff that again,
like you're building something new.
You just like just not something you care about.
But yeah, it's a good weird strategy.
Because you would never really have expected this company that builds a firewall.
To like pivot into offering like one of the best like complete cloud platforms that are out there.
Again, everyone, yeah, right.
And the market share thing is always like here's AWS and here's GCP and here's Azure.
Yeah.
And I don't think GCP and Azure are real threats to Amazon.
Like they're just kind of the same business and they'll kind of split the pie in some way.
Whereas Cloudflare has a shot of being like, no, this is like this is like the next generation.
And if we're successful, then the majority of stuff will be built on us.
Obviously, like very small chance of actually pulling that off.
But there is a chance with the approach they're taking.
Yeah.
Disclaimer, Dax is an investor in Cloudflare.
Sorry.
Oh, speaking of investor stuff.
I guess I got to figure out.
I guess I can talk about this because I can like maybe not mention specifics.
But I've invested in a few companies.
I'm aware.
None of the companies have died yet.
One of them has given me a return.
And then last week, the second one.
Giving you a return.
Wait, wait, wait.
What like exited or like you're out of the position.
You got to return.
No, what's that?
I sold to like, I sold to new investors.
Yeah.
Because I thought the company was garbage.
Somehow got new investors.
I was like, I'm not here.
Like, see you.
Oh, I love it.
Okay.
I like to do over doubled my money, which is not bad.
Nice.
And there's another company that I consulted for for a little bit and I ended up investing them
before I left.
They actually just weren't really going anywhere.
They've been around for a while.
I just had not heard anything from them.
So I just assumed that yeah, it like wasn't going anywhere.
But then randomly like a year ago, they raised some like crazy round.
And if I just let raise were involved in it.
And I was like, I don't really get what's going on here.
Is it crypto?
No, no, it's not crypto.
It's in the music space.
Well, it's funny you say that because I heard news last week that it was acquired.
By Jack Dorsey. Are you serious? Yeah.
So you're going to get some kind of a check in the mail.
How's that work when you invest in a company?
So he's always just think it's a split of cash.
So I get like some percent in cash and I get some percent in stock.
So I am now a shareholder in block, which I was like, this is dumb.
But then I remembered, oh shit, they own Square, which is a real company.
Yeah.
They own title also, and now they own this.
Oh, title, the music streaming thing?
Yeah, yeah.
So I thought it was like, because I know block was like his random crypto thing he was doing,
but I didn't realize he rolled in.
He rolled up Square into it, which is like a real company.
So these shares are not like, I could like sell them today, probably.
Yeah, so you're like, I mean, you're like, as far as VCs go, or investors.
Two for two.
You're doing great.
Do you own a Patagonia vest?
No, I don't.
I have Patagonia.
You're going to need to go ahead and get that.
Let's get the best, the puffy vest in the mail.
Let's get that on the way, because it's the official attire of all investors.
Man, I just don't want to be an investor at all.
I think here's the thing.
I think being an investor is like the dumbest job, and I can't believe people aspire to it.
I see kids coming out of high school or college that they're like, I'm going to be an investor.
I'm like, this is just a dumb thing.
People want to be it. I just thought people fell into it.
The right connections, something.
And people aspire to it, because VCs are kind of good at the image that they can
conjure of themselves is very appealing to a 20-year-old, I think.
Interesting.
They're always like, we have the money, and we predict the future.
Yeah, that's basically their whole thing, is they got to convince people.
It's kind of like a founder in that they're just constantly raising money.
And using their people skills to convince rich people to put money into their fund.
And then the actual investing part is all just the lottery.
They're just throwing money at stuff.
The work, I mean, here's how it works.
It's like in every VC circle, in the VC circle in general, at any given time,
there's a bunch of hot investments that everyone agrees is a good bet,
and there's space for three investors, and everyone is fighting to get those deals.
Some of the majority of their time is spent convincing founders to pick them and say
someone else, whereas I think they portray it as like, oh, we saw the future,
and we placed a bet on this company, and nobody else thought to bet on that.
Which happens sometimes because of the true contrarian bet,
but most VCs aren't making contrarian bets.
We're all just trying to get in mind, the consensus deal.
Yeah, and the reason I know that young people are into this is there's so many like
Gen Z VC groups and whenever you talk to some of these VC funds,
like they send their quote unquote associates, or they try this in their associates.
You never bother talking to a associate because they're just like
some random kid that just graduated, always trying to ask you questions about your business,
and it's just the dumbest waste of time ever.
It's just so weird to me that people like, you have the option of being a founder or being a VC,
and I'm just like blown away that it's at all appealing to be a VC, just like,
it's like a very dorky job to me.
It just occurred to me.
I'm probably going to be a VC someday.
Oh, man, it's just like going to happen.
It's going to be in my future at some point, I can just see it.
A VC, you think you're going to let you think you would join like a VC fund?
I don't know.
How's that going to happen?
I can be like meeting founders out in the story.
No, I'll just do everything remote.
I'll do the zoom thing.
I don't know why I think this is going to happen.
It just seems like I'm not going to be a professional software developer when I'm 50,
and I'm going to have to do something.
And I'm going to have been in the startup space for like 30 years,
and I'm going to end up being some kind of an investor.
I can just see it now.
That's okay to retire into being a VC.
So that's very different than aspiring to make that your primary thing.
Maybe just being in the Ozarks.
Maybe that'll eliminate that from my future.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I just cannot worry about it because I can't do the whole
just deal flow and then illusion if I'm in the Ozarks.
Yeah, well, you might not be in Ozarks in 30 years.
Yes, I will.
Ozarks are going to be underwater in 30 years.
Stop it.
The Ozarks are going to underwater.
We're in trouble.
I'm buying a submarine ASAP.
It's funny, though, because that line is always like a thing that's been around forever.
My old apartment in New York, it's right on the water.
When I was moving in there, I remember searching.
And I think I was searching like the building or whatever,
and this was around in 2016.
And I found a forum thread from 2005,
where people are talking about the building or something or that area.
And they're like, do not buy real estate here.
Like, it's all going to be underwater in 10 years.
The Goldman Sachs is building a giant building across the water.
It's like crazy wind tunnel.
It's going to be the worst thing ever.
And I moved there, I guess 10 or 12 years after that post.
And yeah, it was completely fine.
The Goldman Sachs tower is there and no crazy wind tunnel or anything.
The people were so certain that that was completely screwed.
I know, and I'm not just like, dismiss everything.
I'm sure like, of course, like stuff is going to happen.
It's just like the confidence and the predictions of like specific timelines
are just are funny to look back on.
Yeah, can we check in on climate change?
I feel like I never hear anything anymore about climate change.
It's just other stuff to talk about because we solved it.
It's done.
Did we?
No, we almost did with the LK99.
Oh, almost.
What a moment.
That would have solved everything.
But is there like, is there like progress?
Is it not a thing we should be worried about?
Are our kids going to have an Earth to live on?
I think there's some stuff because there's a,
I mean, you saw this stuff in New York, the flooding.
I did not.
So New York City, and this is like, I think...
I know your apartment's underwater.
Did it really happen? They were just five years late or early?
To be fair, the situation in New York is really complicated.
It's not like, oh, this is because of climate change.
New York has like some of the oldest infrastructure in the country.
It's so crazy common.
The problem is so crazy complicated.
Like, so nowadays cities have separate lines for sewage and for like drain water for rain,
which makes sense.
But back in the day, that wasn't the thing.
There was just one pipe for everything.
So now in New York, when it rains heavily,
the sewers get backed up, which means your toilets get backed up.
And then stuff just starts flooding.
They do like emergency dumps into the Hudson and all this stuff.
But it's a really complicated situation because like,
nothing is more complicated than digging up stuff in New York City and like figuring it.
One, like people don't even know what's under the ground because the history is like,
some of it was publicly built, some of it was privately built,
some of it's like documented, some of it's not just massive, so much money to do that,
so much disruption to like tear stuff up and replace it.
It just like, it just seems like an impossible, very, very difficult problem.
So they have had these crazy floods the past couple of years,
because like the that whole system is under a lot of shame, like describe crazy flood to me, like
streets or underwater.
Yeah, just like, like cars are like driving through like the water.
So yeah, a little fight is cranky.
It took away all its toys.
Oh, no, are they sitting on your desk?
You're squeaking too hard.
Yeah, exactly.
There's like just several feet of water that cars are driving through in some places and like,
just like some of it. After heavy rains, not like a sea water thing, just like.
Yeah, but the heavy rains are technically climate related, but like obviously like,
if the city had normal infrastructure, it would handle it fine.
Yeah.
So it got like crazy political too.
People are like posting all is like weird political stuff.
That's completely unrelated.
They're like, this is because of the immigrants.
I just can't with the like politicizing climate stuff.
Just like with any topic, I just hate it.
Like, I don't have, it doesn't mean I believe something about some political party just because I,
I don't know, care about a certain issue.
Climate change seems like one I can care about because, I don't know,
have kids and I want to make sure 50 years from now, things aren't just a barren wasteland.
So when it felt like like a year ago, it felt like it was really a pressing topic.
Maybe it's just because I haven't been as plugged into media sources.
But I don't, I don't remember last time I read anything about like progress.
I don't know.
Current forecasts.
Do you know anything?
Is this an issue you don't really worry about?
We're going to solve it.
Humans are awesome.
I'm fairly optimistic about the whole thing as I am with most things.
But my friend works, he like works in this space.
He specifically is focused on like, how do we make carbon markets like a viable thing.
And it's extremely, extremely interesting in two ways.
So the first is it's crazy complicated.
It's why I hate seeing like random people talk about this stuff.
Because it's like so much more complicated than it is.
The thing he talks about is like, okay, carbon offsets.
Is that a thing that can work?
So can you produce carbon somewhere and then buy or like invest in something that reduces
carbon somewhere else?
So you have one side of the argument that's like just kind of like overly ideological.
We're like, no, people just want that.
So they can continue to like, you know, use energy and not care.
So there's a whole faction of people that believe that we need to punish ourselves and
there's no other way out of this thing if we don't do that.
But then what he talks about is 100% he believes it can work, but it's extremely
complicated because it's so hard to track like second, third order effects where like,
if you plant a tree, does that cause like a farmer somewhere else to like cut a tree because
they need more space for land?
Or like, if you do this one action, does it increase the price of this good,
which causes like the market to react to then like do stuff to produce more of it?
Yeah.
So he works on like figuring out all of those things.
But the thing that's interesting is people focus way too much on like the politics of this.
And obviously when it comes to politics, it feels like nothing is happening.
What's crazy is the private industry and talking to me, he confirms this.
They're like way ahead of all the politics stuff.
Like there's like a lot of consensus in just the business world that we do need to decarbonize.
There's from like a incentive purpose, like this is coming.
And there's like very unique opportunities to take advantage of it if you're there first.
So he's working with this company that makes fertilizer in Europe.
And they are investing in a massive solar farm.
I forgot it's some country in Africa.
And there's like very few people there.
It's like hard to live in desert area.
But they're investing a lot in that to like move their operations to produce the fertilizer
there because it's way cheaper for them.
To get this crazy market advantage while also like decarbonizing like crazy because
fertilizer like takes a lot of carbon to produce.
But it's never been done before.
So that there's like a lot to figure out.
But there's just so much movement in the private world because they're just natural
incentives to if you believe that this is going to be a thing that you have to care about.
And you're eventually going to be forced to do this anyway.
The early movers are going to have crazy advantages where like if you're too late
to decarbonize some regulation comes out, like you're not going to be able to catch
the period that we're starting the process, right?
That makes sense.
So yeah, there's just so much movement.
It's just a very complicated thing.
I think people expect like the politicians just need to sign one law.
And if they do that, then everything will be fixed.
But it's like a billion little industries that each need to like figure out like
first if it's kind, yeah, type of solutions.
But that is happening.
So I do feel very optimistic about that.
Yeah, I generally am optimistic on it.
I didn't have as much detail as you did or context.
I just feel like humans are good at solving problems.
And it can seem really bad, but we'll figure it out.
Yeah.
Could you ask your friend if my solar array offsets about 70,000 pounds of CO2 a year,
how much money is that worth in the carbon markets?
I would like to know because I will sell it to the highest bidder.
Wait, but you that only offsets it if someone uses it, right?
I don't know.
It's just what the app says.
It just tells me.
It tells me how much CO2 is being offset.
Let's say you produce a thousand units of energy and you use 200.
Yep.
And if you had done nothing, you would have just used 200 of like coal burning energy.
Yeah.
So that 800 is that this is why it's complicated.
Like they 800 only counts if it would have been used anyway.
If it's just new energy that's produced that is now newly used.
It's not really offsetting anything.
It's just cleanly powering something new.
Could you check with your friend just to make sure?
Yeah.
Ask him.
No, the app like tells us all the CO2 offset and how many trees are planted and equivalent.
I guess there's no new trees actually being planted,
but 500 a year if you're curious.
We have a giant solar array.
It's just stupid.
Yeah.
It's funny because on one hand, it is like these details are super complicated.
But on the other hand, it's like shockingly simple in that we share one atmosphere and
sucking carbon out in one area actually does like offset carbon produced like on the other
side of the world.
Like it is crazy that it actually is that simple.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Okay.
That's enough on the climate stuff.
I'm going to continue being optimistic.
Oh, speaking of optimistic.
So I've had like, I mean, I went to the emergency room with the stupid stomach
infection or whatever.
And then I have COVID now.
And now because COVID is sucking the life out of my immune system,
it's been like two weeks almost now.
It's been two weeks, almost two weeks.
It's been a long time and I've got this stupid case of COVID.
I've got the shingle tingle coming back.
Have I told you I get shingles?
Oh, you do?
Well, I got them once in adulthood.
Is it is this the thing where like it's because you didn't get chicken pox when you were a kid
so you get shingles.
So I got chicken pox as a kid.
I don't know, but both my grandpa and my dad got shingles and adulthood.
And it's been like three, four years ago.
I got shingles real bad.
It was all over my face.
Oh, wow.
I'm so painful on my eyelid.
Like it was just, this is like one of the worst experiences of my life.
And since then I learned a lot about shingles.
It's like lives in the nerves.
It's like the chicken pox virus that lives in the nerves and then any like high amount of stress
or any stressor on your immune system can cause it to like come back out.
And it manifests early on is like this tingling feeling.
It's in my left hand and then the left side of my face like my brow.
Yeah, that just noticed last night.
So now I have to completely eliminate stress and try to like
just like calm down, yeah, calm down, meditate, be happy and not get shingles.
I do not want to get shingles again.
It was awful.
I'm going to travel this month and go into Twitch con can't do that if I have shingles.
That would not be fun.
So yeah, a lot riding on my current stress levels.
But like how bad would that suck?
If I went from like emergency room, COVID shingles all in like a month
and right after I canceled my health insurance, so I go ahead.
That's how like life works. I figured just stacks all the bad things together.
And then and then you get like, you know, eight months of good time.
Then you're back to something bad for for three months.
It's just how it works.
I always thought shingles was something that older people got like less is grandma.
Yeah, it sounds like an old person thing.
Yeah, I think she she had it like a year ago.
A lot of people get it on like the rib cage.
That sounds nice.
I would take that face.
It's not so fun.
I've got pictures.
I'll send you pictures.
Don't put them on the internet, please.
It's awful from when it was on my face.
It's like the amount of swelling and just like angry.
How red and angry they are.
It's awful.
It looked like, I don't know.
It looks like something from medieval times.
Like some kind of like leprosy or boils or something.
It's it's bad.
It does sound like an old time you think.
Yeah, seems like wheels.
I think you can actually get like a vaccine for it now
where you can't get shingles anymore.
I need to look into that.
But it's already in your nerves and maybe too late for you.
Yeah, maybe too late for me, yeah.
They might they might they should just
put you out of your misery, I think.
Probably at this point.
Yeah, any more health scares and it's like,
yeah, we're going to put you down or we're putting you.
It's been enough.
You lived a good life.
A bunch of people have COVID now.
I've talked to a few people that have COVID.
Yeah, I've learned there's a bit of a flare up.
I had forgotten literally forgotten about.
Me too.
I mean, my memory is terrible.
You too.
I feel like it was a thing of like 2020 and maybe 2021.
But that was the thing of the past.
And then turns out, still a thing you can buy test for
and you can still get it.
Here's a messed up thing.
My emotions around the COVID era
are always going to be very positive.
Because you got to be at home all the time.
Well, if I instinctively just like imagine it,
it felt it was like a crazy time.
Like, I was me and Liz were making a lot of money.
It was her first time working fully remotely.
So like, we got to do a lot.
We guys spent a lot more time together,
which is great.
It's right at the beginning of our relationship.
Yeah, nothing was very serious.
In terms of in our lives at least,
like we started like live in Miami part time,
which I started to like, I'm going back and forth.
There's a lot of like good stuff happened
despite how annoying everything was.
So yeah, like a part of me is always going to be like,
COVID that was great, you know?
Because that's the best it is.
Casey, Casey really looks back fondly on it.
It was like the first year and this is going to sound awful.
I don't know if my family listens to my podcast.
Probably not.
She was so excited.
Like we didn't have to go to the Thanksgiving with anybody.
Like we just were home and didn't have to see anybody for a year.
And that's just like her dream.
Not interacting with people.
Yeah, it was just like all obligations were canceled indefinitely.
That was nice.
Yeah, we watched so many movies like movies.
I think that so many with me and Liz like,
that was more my lifestyle.
So like we kind of got to live more my lifestyle.
And we like just do stuff inside all day.
So like the relationship shifted to be more like the kind of stuff that I like doing.
Yeah, does Liz look fondly back on COVID?
That's what I need to ask.
I think some parts of it, but overall like it was like very hard for her.
Yeah.
And I think it's very complicated for her because she also like lost a bunch of years
of being able to live in New York.
Because for her, it was like, do you live for five years in New York?
But then like half of them were like COVID years, which don't really count.
So she feels like kind of like robbed of that.
You guys were in New York during COVID?
Yeah, the epicenter of COVID as all the news station.
That's a bad that's a bad time, wouldn't it?
Okay.
Here's what's really funny now that I don't live in New York.
I'm understanding why the rest of the world is like always freaking out.
Because I go I live in Miami, Florida.
I go to the gym.
What's on TV?
News about New York.
No matter where you live, it's just news about New York.
Yeah.
It's just that that's just like if it's like local news and when you're bored of that,
it's just New York and it was.
Yeah.
And it always makes everything look so, so crazy.
Like the flooding from like the past, the past week I was talking about like,
it looked like New York was about to like get swallowed by the ocean.
But like all my friends lived there and they were like, it's fine.
And then I remember living in COVID, I was living in New York during COVID.
And technically it was like whatever the epicenter.
But that's just because like we just went through our spike earlier than everyone else.
Yeah.
And yeah, it was like kind of intense.
And that was early on when we knew the least.
But it also like was not as crazy as people.
Because people would like talk to us being like, oh my God, like are you guys okay?
Like it's just normal.
But like everyone just gets the news of New York.
So it just feels like this funny thing.
Yeah.
I remember like when the big wave hit New York,
it was like pop up hospitals and like body bags in the streets.
That was like the news perception.
Yeah, I know.
What's funny is I actually got, do you remember that floating hospital?
No.
Did it maybe ship that they sent over?
Oh, wow.
They sent over this like Navy hospital type of thing.
Where it's like a giant carrier.
But it's just just for medical stuff.
And I saw it go by my house, like by my car.
And I saw it like go up the Hudson.
And I was like, oh, there's that thing that drops in there.
I don't know how useful it was.
I think it like, I think they just put overflow for like non-COVID issues into there.
Because that was the main problem.
That hospital is getting overwhelmed with non-COVID and COVID.
You can get like your gallbladder removed because the COVID took over the hospital kind of thing.
Yeah.
But overall, like I don't know, like the city, I feel like handled it pretty well.
Did it become like a ghost town?
That was the other thing I remember about New York was hearing that nobody was there anymore.
Yeah, which to me was also kind of cool because we knew Liz would do these walks
where we just walk from our apartment all the way to like, we'd walk for like an hour or two.
Yeah.
And we would just walk in the middle.
It's like a whale.
It's not like a bull whale.
He's so spoiled.
He's crying because he doesn't have his toys.
You're walking to the streets of New York.
I'm picturing the movie, I am legend.
But it's like nobody.
Yeah, because we would just walk in the middle of the street walking around.
No, not long enough for nature to reclaim, but...
Well, there was some of that too, not New York.
But do you remember some of that?
Yes, yes, yes.
I'm talking about national parks and stuff.
Like all the animals were like, what's going on?
The humans are gone.
Liz picked up biking.
Like she bought a bike and it was like, you know, it's like a very nice way to learn how
to bike in New York when there's no cars and we're very like safe to do that.
Yeah.
So yeah, just stuff like that.
Like it was kind of cool to be there where how many people are going to be able to experience
New York where it's as big and crazy as New York is, but like calm.
Like, yeah, it's very calm.
And you can kind of have these like, oh, another great thing we would do.
We would bike over the Brooklyn Bridge all the time.
And normally it's like completely annoying to just fill with tourists.
I don't know where they're going and get in your way.
We would bike like once a week across it and it was awesome.
So to me, it felt like going to Disney World when like during off season,
when like everything is just easy and not annoying.
Yeah.
Like that type of thing.
I feel like there's a romantic comedy movie that could be like your life during COVID in New York.
You guys riding bikes across the bridge and such a good time.
But it's a tough time, you know?
It's a good time, but a tough time.
There's a movie there.
I don't know.
There is, yeah.
I mean, there was just like, the tough part for me was the arbitrary rules that made no sense.
You know, I just hate that kind of thing.
But that was just a kind of aggravating.
Yeah.
The whole thing just had all these stupid rules that like just did not make any sense at all.
It just made our lives harder.
But yeah, besides that.
Other than that, great time.
I appreciate it.
I appreciate the unit.
There was all the suffering and the human toll.
But other than that, really recommend it.
The body bags in the streets as all you people saw in the news.
I can't believe you live in Miami, Florida.
All this time, I thought you were in Miami, Ohio.
I don't know.
I've never heard you say that loud.
What's up with the Midwest, right?
Why does the Midwest name stuff after other stuff?
That's like in more important places.
Are we sure that Miami, Florida came first?
Are we positive?
Yeah.
Well, actually, no.
I guess not because Miami is somewhat new.
But here's the thing.
I mean, Florida actually does this a lot.
Like, we have St. Petersburg.
Oh, yeah, Russia.
Florida.
What's like, why?
Yeah, why?
There are a lot of Russians in St. Petersburg, Florida.
It's weird to me because you just make it less important.
Like, you're already less important.
Yeah, you're now the second most important city with your name.
Yeah, at the best.
We also have like another funny one of the Jupiter.
Why did you name it after a planet?
Like, that's something I can't either.
Jupiter, Florida.
That's funny.
Florida is a lot.
I think there's like a Paris also.
Oh, yeah.
Paris in the Midwest.
There's a Mexico, Missouri.
What else is there?
There's definitely some of those in Missouri, I've seen.
Also, street names repeat way too much.
I, uh, there's a street by me called Tiger Tail Ave.
And I'm like, oh, this is like a crazy street name.
I was picking up lifts in the airport.
Very.
Like in like 45 minutes away, I took a wrong turn
and ended up on some like warehouse back street.
Tiger Tail Ave.
Like what the what?
Like that's a very odd name to be duplicated.
Yeah.
Just aren't making up words.
Just numbers.
One, two, three, 200,000 if it takes it, whatever.
Like cities.
Yeah.
That's what New York does.
And to be honest, I'm really bad with directions.
And it was really helpful that in New York, for the most part,
if you're on 54th street, you want to go to 55th street, you go up.
Yeah.
You want to go to 53rd, you go down.
Very, very easy and straightforward.
Yeah.
Like you don't have to memorize like all these bespoke names.
It's like Broadway.
And there are others.
We got a few.
We got, we got a few name streets.
Like below a certain level.
Yeah.
There's like Lafayette and a bunch of like name streets,
but good portion of it, pretty straightforward.
Hmm.
Yeah.
We don't have like streets in the Ozarks.
The matter.
Of course you don't have streets.
We have state and county highways.
You guys have dirt roads.
I live on highway 160.
For the horse and buggy rides.
Dirt roads, we do have a lot of dirt roads.
Wait, is that, are you just joking?
Because we do have dirt roads.
I don't know if you.
No, I'm not.
I'm just joking.
I'm just making fun of you guys.
Oh, OK.
Have I been on a dirt road?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Is that like a thing in cities?
People have never experienced it.
It's funny because I'm not really from the city.
Oh, yeah.
You're from.
Because I grew up in.
Yes.
My 1000 year old family in India that have all been farmers for,
you know, thousands plural of years.
Yeah, you're really messing that up for your family.
But you know, I grew up in New Jersey.
People think of New Jersey as it's like toxic dump wasteland,
which it is like a beautiful.
It's the garden state, right?
Yeah, but it's green.
It actually is like, I would say a third of New Jersey
is that like wasteland that people imagine.
The part that's just basically New York City.
The New York's like New York's trash.
Yeah, where it like just fills over into New Jersey.
But the rest of the state is like upstate New York, right?
Similar geography wise.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So we have like these like rolling mountains.
And yeah, I mean, I grew up in a very like farmy,
rural town with dirt roads.
With their roads.
Yeah, that's in high school.
We'd like go backroading.
You just like ride drive around on dirt roads.
It's wild to look back and think of some of the things we did for fun in high school.
That's really stupid.
I miss it.
I miss that stuff.
Like life was so simple and fun.
It was.
It was simple.
You don't realize how simple you have it.
So I go ahead.
I know.
They're just, yeah, can't go back though.
It's impossible to give up.
My friend was a, we asked my friend the other day.
Like when was your, like when were your parents the most pissed at you?
And he was like, well, that time my trucks, my dad's truck.
I like took my dad's truck and I caught on fire.
And we're like, what did you do?
And he was like, well, I took it off a jump.
And the first thing I was like, what do you mean off a jump?
Like where I grew up?
There weren't any jumps around.
He grew up in Arizona.
And again, I imagined like kind of like a flat desert.
So I still don't maybe, I don't know, maybe the little clips or something.
But yeah, he took it off and jumped and like the battery fell over.
Oh, my word.
And the engine caught on fire.
And he would tell me that his parents still don't know what happened.
I was just trying to get caught on fire.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But yeah, I mean, that sounds fun.
Like growing up in the desert where you can just do all kinds of wild crazy shit.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
One time my dad came home from work, it was just me and my older brother that were home.
And we were, we were shooting off.
I mean, this is innocent enough, but we were shooting off fireworks in the backyard.
We were like dropping.
We had these empty tubes from like a playset, you know, like the hold up the roof on a playset.
And we were dropping the water rockets at it.
And there was like a mortar kind of simulation.
The thing that sucked was he came home.
We're out in the backyard doing this.
And the trash can in the living room is on fire or in the kitchen.
Because we had thrown away some matches or something and we didn't know.
And it was still on fire.
So he comes home, no one's in the house.
And like our kitchen trash can is up in flames.
Like, what is going on?
Oh man, he's pretty mad.
He's going to be crazy.
He's just like, yeah.
I'm just like thinking about from his point of view, he just like,
imagine you coming home and then like just something in your house is randomly on fire.
Yeah.
Like that's like really nothing that chaotic happens at all in real life.
It takes kids to introduce that kind of kid that kind of thing all the time.
That's wild.
And the kids just they just push every limit.
Like my eight year old now, that's the thing we're dealing with.
It's like literally every single thing he runs into in life.
He thinks, how can I do something with this that's not intended?
How can I like use this thing in a way it's not meant to be used?
And it's just the amount of things that are broken on a daily basis or things.
And I'm like, you're going to fall and hurt yourself really bad.
It's just constant.
But it's like, it's a curiosity.
You don't want to, I guess, stifle it.
I don't know.
No, it's definitely entertaining.
Probably sure.
I just want to be entertained.
Yeah.
And I thought you wanted to say this about me.
She's like, you just like surrounding yourself with things that entertain you.
And I don't understand how that's like an observation.
Cause I'm like, isn't that just what everyone is like, like, why don't you want to be entertained?
Like she says that like the friends that I surround myself with are just people that I just find
really entertaining.
But I don't understand like what other type of people do.
Yeah.
What would you want?
If not that.
Yeah.
I don't really get it.
It's an interesting observation though.
I think other people probably have relationships for other reasons other than entertainment.
So it might be a truth, but there might be something there.
I'm going to look at you see that lens now.
I think it's a good trait because when there are scenarios that are stressful,
though people get stressed in, I can like find a lot of joy because entertaining.
Like I don't mind if like someone has like annoying girlfriend or something.
That's like, I don't find it entertaining.
I find it entertaining that she's annoying everyone.
Yeah.
You just like the spice of life.
It's like COVID, awful time, millions of people died, all that, but it was pretty entertaining.
But it was interesting.
But it was not boring.
Well, it kind of was boring, but it's funny.
All right.
That's enough entertaining for today.
I think we've done all the entertaining we can do.
Did I entertain you for this hour?
Yes, I'll show up.
So it's twice a week.
Got to keep being entertaining.
I'm going to try.
No pressure.
All right, I'm going to keep I'm going to keep having COVID.
So there you go.
I mean, it's been a week.
I think it's like a week and a half.
Yeah.
Yeah, everyone's saying this one takes this one taking a while.
It takes longer.
Okay.
I had my Jiu Jitsu tournament a week ago Saturday.
I have not been on the mat since.
I'm about to go insane.
I can't just go in and give people COVID.
I asked my wife.
She said, no, I just really, really want to train.
And my coach is like, you'll have plenty of time to train.
Just get better.
Like, no, I want to do Jiu Jitsu.
I'm watching YouTube.
You have, why don't you get like both your kids to attack you at once?
That's like almost like an adult.
Yeah.
An eight year old and a three year old.
Yeah, it'd be a challenge.
Or you can ask Casey.
I don't know.
Yeah.
No, I want to get her a geek.
I really want her to get into it.
She's interested.
She thinks it'd be fun.
All right, I got to pee.
Cool.
All right.
Thanks, Max.
See you.
All right, see you.